Usage policy for XvTry


Dear user

You are deemed to have taken note of the following disclaimer before you use our sites / groups / content (being all available information / builds etc.) and available links (being referrals, links, connections, etc.).
The use of the sites / groups / content and available links is completely at your own risk.

XvTry is a content management system (organizing music, photos, etc.). In order to make its use as optimal as possible it is possible to link external functionalities / applications / addons with XvTry.
These links are only intended to optimize or support your content management system.

The sites / groups / content and available links have been compiled with the utmost care.
All offered content and available links are for information purposes only. Any other form of use is not recommended, can be punishable and is entirely for your own risk.

XvTry is in no way responsible for this.
XvTry is not responsible for the content, operation, use and abuse of links.
The visit and / or use of this is entirely your own responsibility.

Both XvTry and all links with XvTry may not be used to download and / or distribute any material if you do not have the legal (author) rights to do so.
In addition, content, links and streams posted by users of external sites via external hosts are in no way the responsibility of XvTry.

By using our sites and / or groups and / or content / links means that you agree with the above, you understand the responsibility and you will behave accordingly.
XvTry reserves the right to intervene if abuse is found.


(c) HTTPS LINK (r)


XvTry Disclaimer for our foreign parties

Our site and  open-source  builds (and all of its contents) is free of charge for anyone for personal usage.
Organisations (for instance, but not limited to, non-profit or companies) may use the system if they clear this with the system operators first. Permission for organisations/companies is not needed for obvious "well meaning" usage, i.e. distributing works of cultural benefit for the end user.

The site/build(s) may not be used by anyone with the intention to track usage, log ip addresses/usage, commit fraud or anything else that we consider intrusion of privacy or disruption of our service.
If you are not sure if this would be the case for your usage, please contact us in order to get our permission.

The site/build(s) is run privately.
That means that we do not guarantee that the site/build(s) will be available for users at all time but we try our best to make everything run stable.
We take no responsibility for loss of income or similar due to downtime/failure.

The responsibility lies upon the user to not spread malicious, false or illegal material using the site/build(s).
We do not censor but we do block people that use our service wrongfully (i.e. commercial organisations that have not cleared the usage with us first).

We reserve the rights to charge for usage of the site/build(s) in case this policy is violated.
The charge will consist of a basic fee of EUR 5 000 plus bandwidth and other costs that may arise due to the violation.
Personal usage, although violating this policy, will not be charged. We will simply block those users.

We also reserve the rights to publish any information regarding violations.
Info hashes, IP addresses and allother information that is supplied to the site/build(s) will be considered our right to publish.

This policy may change at any time, please check in before using the site.

Connecting to our site means that you accept this policy agreement.

(r) HTTPS LINK (c)